hi everyone so this is what I got up to
last Sunday it's my usual typical
routine for the weekend I got up past
9:00 yes it was quite late but let's be
realistic
I need a lion on a Sunday I get up so
early during the week it was a nice
sunny morning but I just like to point
out Cambridge is freezing at the moment
so don't be deceived by the sunny
weather
I had my typical breakfast of Frosty's
and orange juice it's a great combo I'd
highly recommend I watched some YouTube
while I ate my breakfast I was having a
great time at this point not gonna lie
nice for maxing start to the day I then
put my contact lenses in because my
eyesight is not great and went on to do
my makeup I wear a full face of makeup
most days I enjoy putting it on to be on
a little bit of foundation bit of the
scar ah it's great it just is great
thinking time on do my makeup off
reflect on the day before and what I
want to achieve that day
nada
and makeup done now on to the day let's
go so a messy room really stresses me
out so I decided to start off the day by
having a really big tidy up please don't
judge me for the mess it was in
beforehand like I literally have no time
during the week to pick stuff up off the
floor or that's why I tell myself anyway
I also afford my work from different
modules in two separate folders to keep
myself organized I am a massive fan of
to-do lists because I worry about
forgetting things so at the start of
each day I always make a list of the
things I want to get done that day there
was a mixture of general chores like
going to the shops and doing my laundry
and also at work for my study such as
Earth Sciences and physics to get done
my physics was priority since it was due
in by 6 o'clock that evening every room
in college has a notice board which was
really useful
I could pin my to-do list up and keep
track of where I was at throughout the
day I began by doing my Earth Sciences
math exercise I had colored it in the
night before but hadn't done much else
it was actually really quite confusing
at points I was drawing a cross-section
at this point and feeling a bit bored I
was getting it all wrong but hey when do
I not feel like that
confusion I powered through an
eventually completed it ticked it off my
to-do list
good job by this point it was actually
nearly lunchtime so because it was a
Sunday
it meant Sunday roast was on a CAF my
absolute favorite meal so I headed down
quickly to get the first serving of
roast potatoes featuring a chapel caught
here very picturesque in general the
food at CAF is pretty good I brought my
own mint sauce with me for this one
because they only have it when lamb is
being served and it goes great with all
meats and roast potatoes I had no
trouble clearing my plate although the
dessert was a bit of a letdown I had
high hopes but then I went to quickly
check my pigeonhole there was nothing in
there on this occasion though first
always leaves me in such a good mood I
thought I would get going on my laundry
next because I wanted to catch a time
where the machines were quiet look at me
go such a pro with the wash powder it
was a bit annoying that people hadn't
come to collect the stuff at the washing
machine once it was finished so I had to
wait for them to come back before I can
put my phone stuff in what can you do
uni life
unfortunately I then heard that my
rowing outing had been cancelled since a
few members of the crew had injuries and
it was quite a sad time Rooney I've been
looking forward to that I decided to get
on with some physics instead it was just
finishing off a few questions that were
doing that evening we've been doing
diffraction refraction waves at the
minute we're now doing a bit of quantum
stuff which I'm telling you it is
confusing but I struggled through it and
I was quite proud of myself when it was
finished and I put it in my folder ready
to hand in lodge or
the porters Lodge is the place to be
kids I had a bit of a struggle handing
in my work because my supervisors
pigeonhole was already stuffed full with
a parcel like whereas I supposed to put
it it required a bit of nifty work from
me to manage to bend it so that it
stayed in the pigeon hole without
falling out to be time efficient I
picked up my laundry on my way back from
Lodge two more things ticked off the
to-do list much satisfaction and now to
the shops I wrote out a shopping list of
what I needed because if you haven't
gathered already I do like writing lists
I headed down to the shops they're
running round the corner from Jesus and
of course Wilco was first my favorite
stationery shop check out my excitement
at the one pound leaver arch files
we stopped off for a coffee break
I got millionaire shortbread and a
caramel latte would highly recommend I
usually go to Sainsbury's for my food
shop but today I went to Waitrose since
it was just near Wilco and I couldn't be
bothered to walk much further as you can
see I was getting a very healthy
selection of food Haribo's Nutella
chocolate biscuits
don't worry I did get fruit as well
check me now adulting right they're like
packing my own shopping bag it was then
time to head back to collage and we had
some great chats along the way and I
could then take shopping off my to-do
list and I was very happy about that
I then chilled in the for a bit with
other people from my staircase there is
time to relax at Cambridge it's not true
that we're working all the time let's
also have a moment of appreciation for
the very pretty sunset I started
planning my mass extinction presentation
while I was in the admittedly it's
not the best place to work sometimes I'm
not quite as productive because other
people are around to distract me but I
need a bit of a break and this was a
compromise between getting my work done
and seeing my friends the content was
actually really interesting as well I
was looking at the permian-triassic
extinction and fun fact 96 percent of
species went extinct since pancake day
was approaching and we'd basically made
it pancake week we decided to make some
pancakes
had a bit of a disaster as you can see
here nearly stuffed afire but it all
worked out fine
featuring Sainsbury's pancake mix coz
how else would students make pancakes
I hadn't atella
on my pancake because it is literally
the best and as you can see I really
enjoyed it I then remembered that I
still hadn't finished my mass extinction
presentation preps so I did get back to
that because you can't finish the day
without completing your to-do list that
is just not acceptable really is it page
so I got back to it again in the
brought my laptop down since we hadn't
actually covered this stuff in lectures
yeah I was using a little of
internet-based resources to look into
the Permian Triassic extinction Earth
Sciences is probably the one what should
I do that requires a bit of extra
reading around the subject it was very
satisfying to complete my to-do list and
I really felt like I'd accomplished
something
what a productive day I took my shoes
off to make myself comfortable in my
room I'd now finished being out and
about for today and socializing and it's
now time to just have a bit of me time
term time at Cambridge can be exhausting
and it is very full-on however I
wouldn't want it any other way I love
throwing myself into things and having
loads of new experiences I'm really
making the most of my time here I
decided to review a few of my earth
sciences practicals with the time
remaining I have that evening the latest
stuff we've been doing is analysing
fossils and often it's quite subjective
so I found it useful to go online and
look at the suggested answers the
department had put up online it was
honestly crazy to think that we're now
over halfway through term honestly this
term has gone so much faster than first
term even scarier I'm now halfway
through first year every evening I like
to fill out my happiness journal where
basically you jot down a few things that
made you smile that day it's gonna be so
much fun to look back on at the end of
the year and reminisce on the really fun
times I had at this point I was ready
for bed but then I realized I hadn't
actually bothered to make the bed after
I took the bedding off to be washed
earlier in the day classic me so I
started making my bed and then I brush
my teeth and got ready for bed thank you
very much for watching a day in my
I hope you've enjoyed it and gained an
insight into what it's like on a typical
Sunday at Cambridge give the video a
like and subscribe if you fancy and
goodnight